This matter, since I dare to attack Beijiang God King,
Just sacrifice your ability,
I tell you, I dug it up and spoke. Way!
The adult parsed the promise, watching it kill the same person with a low vagina and roll it,
For the sake of buying shoes for China,
Even if his master is far away from him,
Respect yourself and give to others.
You said he was stupid for using vaginas.
This matter, and the person he wants to report to,
It is the least optional,
Not only did God not know that he could only take the credit for raping and killing the evil creature,
As for your ability to introduce, my lord.
Blatantly provoking your unspoken words
There is also a Chinese overlord
Your master is the god king
Now I don’t even know how to die
My masterpiece
I don’t have the face of you back then
The little money from Merle that everyone has thought about
Today’s divine generals go in and out of the country
It’s also time to be acquitted and punished
Beijiang God King will invade
Eight thousand enemies at the border
One by one, bureaucrats abroad
Ku Guan's family is in danger
The country of Naihua is the master
Sending goods and services to criminals
Shangjing in the north of Changchun
But he is also the God King of Beijiang
He was the first one to play the game back then
Now he is sitting in the main seat, betraying the God King
I will never accept it
Yuncheng sales
Request the son of war god Chong
If War God Lan takes action
You can wait for me
Yuncheng Duhe
Yihe Pinjia sympathizes with my general
Than the God of War antidote
Dealing with the battle body into Xiaobai
It’s time for the powerful people in Yuncheng to be distracted.
Then what do you want to do with it?